OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-provided-apis-annotations.adoc

[id="olm-operatorgroups-provided-apis-annotation_{context}"]
= Provided APIs annotation

[role="_abstract"]

> The `olm.providedAPIs` annotation on an Operator group lists the group/version/kind (GVK) identifiers for APIs that member Operators provide. OLM derives this annotation from the CRDs and API services in all active member CSVs. The value is a comma-delimited string of `<kind>.<version>.<group>` entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _group/version/kind (GVK)_ is a unique identifier for a Kubernetes API. Information about what GVKs are provided by an Operator group are shown in an `olm.providedAPIs` annotation. The value of the annotation is a string consisting of `<kind>.<version>.<group>` delimited with commas. The GVKs of CRDs and API services provided by all active member CSVs of an Operator group are included.
```
